this is the image that is experienced at the moment in the mountain in the municipality
We'll see
up to eight cars have been dragged by a current that
from the ravine
which is located just opposite
from a well-known area of ​​restaurants as is
the monastery
there is not much light and we can not see hardly anything but it is certain that the water goes down with
there was brutality
unbelievably just faced me with trapeze white car we see
we have a great waterfall that can hardly be appreciated
but that just a car that is completely destroyed
and to which the water passes completely above
I do not know how much Fernandez there are many millions of liters that are happening in
these moments
how can you check
the ground is completely
take it all this we see
he rolled this car completely
standing and facing right is what we are seeing that river that goes down
in this ravine that has become as I said
improvised the neighbors all the world the astonished street before what is
happening
and is that nobody thought
this temporary could
downloading so much water has been primed especially
with the north of tenerife
and with that area and unfairly
between the orotava and the realejos it is necessary to say that also port of the cross
is taking the worst part caixa the delegate pondered that they are having
what to act
and all this has been a matter of minutes a good matter of an hour
and it was three o'clock in the afternoon when it started to rain
with great strength however it has been
barely an hour ago when it started to occur
this right now
we can almost see and say almost because
the camera that I have is not too good
but good at least
of what is happening here this is just inside the ravine what
what we see behind
a car to see if we can see the other
with water with what is happening right now
in the realejos